Address Information
Address:
Label: "address"
Description: This is the unique identifier for an account on the Aleph Zero blockchain. It is used to send and receive tokens.
Example: "eaefd9d9b42915bda608154f17bb03e407cbf244318a0499912c2fb1cd879b74"
Balance:
Label: "balance"
Description: This indicates the total amount of tokens held by the account. It shows how much value the account has.
Example: "5452849965414530802454"
Lock:
Label: "lock"
Description: This represents the amount of tokens that are currently locked and cannot be used for transactions.
Example: "0" (indicating no tokens are locked)
Balance Lock:
Label: "balance_lock"
Description: Similar to "lock," this indicates any additional restrictions on the balance that prevent it from being used.
Example: "0" (indicating no balance is locked)
Is EVM Contract:
Label: "is_evm_contract"
Description: A boolean value indicating whether this address is an Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) contract address. If true, it means the address is a smart contract; if false, it is a regular account.
Example: false
Account Display Address:
Label: "account_display"
Description: This provides a more user-friendly representation of the account address, often formatted for easier reading or display in user interfaces.
Example:
json
"account_display": {
    "address": "5HNkK6XZAiAbY4BaetnzZ9HipcU1GHm2ubScpLvq4kQMv95F"
}

Substrate Account:
Label: "substrate_account"
Description: This field typically indicates whether there is a corresponding Substrate account associated with this address. In this case, it is null, meaning there is no associated Substrate account.
Example: null
EVM Account:
Label: "evm_account"
Description: This field would contain information about an EVM account if it exists. An empty string indicates that there is no associated EVM account.
Example: ""
Registrar Info:
Label: "registrar_info"
Description: This field would provide details about the registrar of the account, if applicable. In this case, it is null.
Example: null
Count Extrinsic:
Label: "count_extrinsic"
Description: This indicates how many extrinsic transactions (transactions initiated by users) have been made by this account.
Example: 0 (indicating no transactions have been made)
NFT Amount:
Label: "nft_amount"
Description: This indicates how many non-fungible tokens (NFTs) are held by this account.
Example: "0" (indicating no NFTs are held)
Extra:
Label: "extra"
Description: This field can hold additional information or metadata about the account but is null in this case, indicating no extra data is available.
Example: null